Wait for it.
Can I turn on the radio?
No.
Jane, you can't keep doing this.
The last 17 occurrences have
been predictable to the second.
Jane, you're an astrophysicist,
not some storm chaser.
I'm telling you,
there's a connection
between these atmospheric
disturbances and my research.
Erik, I wouldn't have asked you
to fly out here if I
wasn't absolutely sure.
Jane?
I think you want to see this.
What is that?
I thought you said it
was a subtle aurora!
Go!
Get closer.
Right. Good one.
Go!
What are you doing?
I am not dying for
six college credits!
I think that was
legally your fault.
Get the first aid kit.
Do me a favor and don't be dead.
Please.
Where did he come from?
Stop him!
What are you doing?
Buddy, are you all right?
Hey, this guy's been shot!
I had him!
Sorry!
I'm sorry!
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
No! No! Not my son!
- Stop it!
- Don't hurt him!
Get back!
Let me go!
No!
Let go of my son!
Don't hurt him!
Wait, don't! Don't!
No! Don't!
Go get him! I can swim!
- Who the hell are you?
- The first of many.
Cut off one head,
two more shall take its place.
Hail Hydra.
Open it!
Quickly, before he...
It has taken me a long
time to find this place.
You should be commended.
Help him up.
I think that you are
a man of great vision.
And, in this way,
we are much alike.
I am nothing like you.
No, of course, but
what others see as superstition,
you and I know to be a science.
What you seek is just a legend.
Then why make such
an effort to conceal it?
The Tesseract was the jewel
of Odin's treasure room.
It is not something one buries.
But I think it is close, yes?
I cannot help you.
No. But maybe you
can help your village.
You must have
some friends out there.
Some little
grandchildren, perhaps?
I have no need for them to die.
Yggdrasil.
Tree of the world.
Guardian of wisdom.
And fate, also.
And the Fuhrer digs
for trinkets in the desert.
You have never
seen this, have you?
It's not for the eyes
of ordinary men.
Exactly.
Give the order to open fire.
Fool!
You cannot control
the power you hold.
You will burn!
I already have.
I think that was
legally your fault.
Get the first aid kit.
Do me a favor and don't be dead.
Whoa. Does he need CPR?
Because I totally know CPR.
Where did he come from?
You all right?
Hammer?
Yeah, we can tell you're hammered.
It's pretty obvious.
Oh, my God. Erik, look at this!
We have to move quickly
before this all changes.
Jane, we have to
take him to the hospital.
Father!
He's fine, look at him.
Heimdall! I know you can hear me!
Open the Bifrost!
Hospital. You go, I'll stay.
You. What realm is this?
Alfheim? Nornheim?
New Mexico?
You dare threaten me, Thor,
with so puny a weapon?
What? He was freaking me out!
Next time you decide
to taser somebody,
make sure he's
already in the car, okay?
Jane! Come on.
Name?
He said it was Thor?
T-H-O-R.
And your relationship to him?
I've never met him before.
Until she hit him with a car.
I grazed him, but
she tasered him.
Yes, I did.
Hi.
Just taking a little blood.
How dare you attack
the son of Odin?
I need some help!
Call security!
Security to ER 3, stat!
You're no match
for the Mighty...
Huh.
- Where is he?
- He's inside.
Well, that... That went well.
Did I just paint a target
on the back of my head?
Your head? What about my head?
What do you think the over-under on
the stock drop is gonna be tomorrow?
Uh, optimistically, 40 points.
At minimum.
Yep.
Tony, we're a
weapons manufacturer.
Obie, I just don't want a body
count to be our only legacy.
That's what we do. We're iron mongers.
We make weapons.
It's my name on the
side of the building.
And what we do keeps the
world from falling into chaos.
Not based on what I saw.
We're not doing a
good enough job.
We can do better.
We're gonna do something else.
Like what?
You want us to
make baby bottles?
I think we should take another
look into arc reactor technology.
Ah, come on. The arc reactor,
that's a publicity stunt!
Tony, come on. We built that thing
to shut the hippies up!
- It works.
- Yeah, as a science project.
The arc was never
cost effective.
We knew that before we built it.
Arc reactor technology,
that's a dead end, right?
Maybe.
Huh? Am I right? We haven't
had a breakthrough in that in what?
- 30 years.
- That's what they say.
Could you have a lousier poker face?
Just tell me, who told you?
- Never mind who told me. Show me.
- It's Rhodey or Pepper.
- I want to see it.
- Okay, Rhodey.
- Okay.
- Okay?
It works.
Listen to me, Tony. We're a team.
Do you understand?
There's nothing we can't
do if we stick together,
like your father and I.
I'm sorry I didn't give
you a heads-up, okay?
- But if I had...
- Tony.
Tony, no more of this
"ready, fire, aim" business.
- You understand me?
- That was Dad's line.
You gotta let me handle this.
We're gonna have to play a
whole different kind of ball now.
We're going to have
to take a lot of heat.
I want you to promise me
that you're gonna lay low.
Stark Industries!
I've got one recommendation!
Ready? Ready?
Sell, sell, sell!
Abandon ship!
Does the Hindenburg
ring any bells?
Let me show you the new
Stark Industries business plan!
Look, that's a weapons company
that doesn't make weapons!
Pepper. How big are your hands?
- What?
- How big are your hands?
- I don't understand why...
- Get down here. I need you.
Hey.
Let's see them.
Show me your hands.
Oh, wow. They are small.
Very petite, indeed.
I just need your help for a sec.
Oh, my God, is that the
thing that's keeping you alive?
It was. It is now an antique.
This is what will be keeping me
alive for the foreseeable future.
I'm swapping it up
for an upgraded unit,
and I just ran into
a little speed bump.
Speed bump, what does that mean?
It's nothing.
It's just a little snag.
There's an exposed
wire under this device.
And it's contacting the socket
wall and causing a little bit of a short.
It's fine.
- What do you want me to do?
- Put that on the table over there.
- That is irrelevant.
- Oh, my God!
I want you to reach in, and you're
just gonna gently lift the wire out.
- Is it safe?
- Yeah, it should be fine.
It's like Operation.
You just don't let it touch
the socket wall
or it goes "beep."
What do you mean, "Operation"?
It's just a game, never mind.
- Just gently lift the wire. Okay? Great.
- Okay.
You know, I don't think
that I'm qualified to do this.
No, you're fine.
You're the most capable, qualified,
trustworthy person I've ever met.
You're gonna do great.
Is it too much of a problem to ask?
'Cause I'm...
- Okay, okay.
- I really need your help here.
Okay.
Oh, there's pus!
It's not pus. It's an inorganic
plasmic discharge from the device,
- not from my body.
- It smells!
Yeah, it does.
The copper wire.
The copper wire, you got it?
- Okay, I got it! I got it!
- Okay, you got it?
Now, don't let it
touch the sides when
you're coming out!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
That's what I was
trying to tell you before.
Okay, now make sure that
when you pull it out, you don't...
There's a magnet at the end of it!
That was it.
You just pulled it out.
- Oh, God!
- Okay, I was not expecting...
- Don't put it back in! Don't put it back in!
- Okay, what do I do?
What's wrong?
Nothing, I'm just going into cardiac arrest
'cause you yanked it out like a trout...
- What? You said it was safe!
- We gotta hurry. Take this. Take this.
- You gotta switch it out really quick.
- Okay. Okay.
- Tony? It's going to be okay.
- What?
- Is it?
- It's gonna be okay.
- I'm gonna make this okay.
- Let's hope.
Okay, you're gonna attach that
to the base plate. Make sure you...
Was that so hard?
That was fun, right?
Here, I got it. I got it. Here.
Nice.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah, I feel great.
You okay?
Don't ever, ever, ever,
ever ask me to do
anything like that ever again.
I don't have anyone but you.
Anyway...
What do you want
me to do with this?
That?
Destroy it.
Incinerate it.
You don't want to keep it?
Pepper, I've been called many things.
"Nostalgic" is not one of them.
Will that be all, Mr. Stark?
That will be all, Miss Potts.
Hey, Butterfingers, come here.
What's all this stuff
doing on top of my desk?
That's my phone, that's a
picture of me and my dad.
Right there. In the garbage.
All that stuff.
Are you ready, Dr. Zola?
My machine requires the
most delicate calibration.
Forgive me if I
seem overcautious.
Are you certain that
those conductors of yours
can withstand the energy surge
long enough for transference?
With this artifact
I am certain of nothing.
I fear it may not work at all.
Twenty percent.
Forty.
Sixty.
Stabilizing at 70%.
I have not come all this
way for safety, Doctor.
What was that?
I must congratulate you, Arnim.
Your designs do not disappoint.
Though they may require
some slight reinforcement.
The exchange is stable.
Amazing!
The energy we
have just collected
could power my designs.
All my designs.
This will change the war.
Dr. Zola,
this will change the world.
You don't think this was just
a magnetic storm, do you?
Look, the lensing
around these edges
is characteristic of an
Einstein-Rosen Bridge.
A what?
I thought you were
a science major?
Political science.
She was the only applicant.
An Einstein-Rosen Bridge
is a theoretical connection
between two different
points of space-time.
It's a wormhole.
Erik, look. What do you see?
Stars.
Yeah, but not our stars.
See, this is the star alignment
for our quadrant
this time of year,
and unless Ursa Minor
decided to take a day off,
these are someone
else's constellations.
Hey! Check this out.
No, it can't be.
I think I left something
at the hospital.
It's not possible!
He was on drugs or something.
He just went nuts.
Oh, my God.
I just lost my most
important piece of evidence.
Typical.
So now what?
We find him.
Did you see what
he did in there?
I'm not sure finding
him is the best idea.
Well, our data can't tell us what
it was like to be inside that event,
and he can.
So, we're gonna find him.
Okay.
So we're gonna look all
over New Mexico, right?
Exactly.
What?
I'm so sorry.
I swear I'm not doing this on purpose.
I got it, I got it.
Come on, kick it in now!
Did it work?
Sir, we found it.
Next. Up.
Not in the boot, Dummy.
Right here. You got me?
Stay put. Nice.
You're of no benefit at all.
Move down to the toe. I got this.
Okay, I'm sorry,
am I in your way?
Up.
Screw it. Don't even move.
You are a tragedy.
Okay, let's do this right.
Start mark, half a meter,
and back and center.
Dummy, look alive.
You're on standby for fire safety.
You, roll it.
Okay. Activate hand controls.
We're gonna start
off nice and easy.
We're gonna see if 10%
thrust capacity achieves lift.
And three,
two,
one.
Up two. All right, set that.
I've been buzzing you.
Did you hear the intercom?
Yeah, everything's... What?
- Obadiah's upstairs.
- Great!
What would you like me to tell him?
Great. I'll be right up.
Okay.
I thought you said you
were done making weapons.
It is.
This is a flight stabilizer.
It's completely harmless.
I didn't expect that.
How'd it go?
It went that bad, huh?
Just because I brought
pizza back from New York
- doesn't mean it went bad.
- Uh-huh. Sure doesn't. Oh, boy.
It would have gone better
if you were there. Uh-uh.
You told me to lay low.
That's what I've been doing.
- I lay low, and you take care of all...
- Hey, come on.
In public. The press.
This was a board
of directors meeting.
of directors meeting?
The board is claiming you
have posttraumatic stress.
They're filing an injunction.
- A what?
- They want to lock you out.
Why, 'cause the
stocks dipped 40 points?
We knew that was gonna happen.
- Fifty-six and a half.
- It doesn't matter.
We own the controlling
interest in the company.
Tony, the board has rights, too.
They're making the case
that you and your new direction
- isn't in the company's best interest.
- I'm being responsible!
That's a new direction
for me, for the company.
I mean, me on the company's behalf
being responsible for the way that...
This is great.
- Oh, come on. Tony. Tony.
- I'll be in the shop.
Hey, hey! Hey, Tony. Listen.
I'm trying to turn this thing around,
but you gotta give me something.
Something to pitch them.
Let me have the engineers analyze that.
You know, draw up some specs.
- No. No, absolutely not.
- It'll give me a bone to throw the boys
- in New York!
- This one stays with me.
That's it, Obie. Forget it.
All right, well, this
stays with me, then.
Go on, here, you
can have a piece.
- Take two.
- Thank you.
You mind if I come down
there and see what you're doing?
Good night, Obie.
Is there something
in particular you need?
I understand you found him.
See for yourself.
You disapprove.
I just don't see why you
need concern yourself.
I can't imagine he will succeed.
Again.
His serum is the Allies' only defense
against this power we now possess.
If we take it away from them,
then our victory is assured.
Shall I give the order?
It has been given.
Good.
Dr. Zola!
What do you think?
A masterpiece.
You know, for a crazy
homeless person, he's pretty cut.
Hey, sorry I tased you!
Excuse me, excuse me!
What is this?
Oh.
My ex.
Good with patients and
bad with relationships.
They're the only clothes
I had that would fit you.
They will suffice.
You're welcome.
This mortal form has grown weak.
I need sustenance.
How'd you get inside that cloud?
Also, how could you eat
an entire box of Pop-Tarts
and still be this hungry?
This drink, I like it.
I know. It's great, right?
Another!
Sorry, Izzy. Little accident.
What was that?
It was delicious.
I want another.
Well, you could
have just said so.
I just did.
No, I mean, ask nicely.
I meant no disrespect.
All right.
Well, no more smashing.
Deal?
You have my word.
Good.
The usual, please, Izzy.
You missed all the
excitement out at the crater.
They're saying some kind of
satellite landed out in the desert.
Yeah, we were having
a good time with it
until the Feds showed up.
Excuse me.
Did you say there was a satellite crash?
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
This is going on Facebook. Smile.
What did it look
like, the satellite?
I don't know anything about
satellites, but it was heavy.
I mean, nobody could lift it.
They said it was radioactive.
I had my hands all over it.
Which way?
Fifty miles west of here.
Well, I wouldn't waste my time!
Looked like the whole Army
was coming when we left.
Dumbass!
Where are you going?
Fifty miles west of here.
Why?
To get what belongs to me.
Oh, so you own a satellite now?
It's not what they say it is.
Well, whatever it is,
the government
seems to think it's theirs.
So, you just intend to
go in there and take it?
Yes.
If you take me there now,
I'll tell you everything
you wish to know.
- Everything?
- Yes.
All the answers you seek will
be yours once I reclaim Mjolnir.
Myeu-muh? What's Myeu-muh?
Can I have a word, Jane?
Please don't do this.
You saw what I saw last night.
This is no coincidence.
We have to find out what's in that crater.
But I'm not talking about the
crater, I'm talking about him.
But he's promising
us the answers.
He's delusional.
Listen to what he's saying.
He's talking about Mjolnir
and Thor and Bifrost.
It's the stories I grew
up with as a child.
I'm just going to drive him.
That's it.
He's dangerous, Jane.
I'm sorry, but I can't take you.
Then this is where
we say goodbye.
Um...
Thank you?
Jane Foster,
Erik Selvig,
Darcy,
farewell.
All right.
Back to work.
Hey!
That's my stuff!
What the hell is going on here?
Ms. Foster, I'm Agent Coulson
with S.H.I.E.L.D.
Is that supposed to
mean something to me?
You can't do this! Jane!
Jane, this is a lot more serious
than you realize. Let it go.
Let it go? This is my life.
We're investigating
a security threat.
We need to appropriate your
records and all your atmospheric data.
By "appropriate,"
do you mean steal?
Here, this should more
than compensate you
for your trouble.
I can't just buy
replacements at Radio Shack,
I made most of this
equipment myself!
Then I'm sure
you can do it again.
And I'm sure I can sue you for
violating my constitutional rights!
I'm sorry, Ms. Foster,
but we're the good guys.
So are we!
I'm on the verge of understanding
something extraordinary.
And everything I know
about this phenomenon
is either in this
lab or in this book.
And you can't just
take this away... Hey!
Jane! Easy! Easy. Jane...
Thank you for your cooperation.
Day 11, test 37, configuration 2.0.
For lack of a better option,
Dummy is still on fire safety.
If you douse me again,
and I'm not on fire, I'm
donating you to a city college.
All right, nice and easy.
Seriously, just gonna start
off with 1% thrust capacity.
And three, two, one.
Okay.
Please don't follow
me around with it, either,
'cause I feel like I'm gonna
catch on fire spontaneously.
Just stand down!
If something happens, then come in.
And again, let's
bring it up to 2.5.
Three, two, one.
Okay, this is where
I don't want to be!
Oh, not the car, not the car!
Table!
Could be worse! Could be worse!
We're fine! Okay.
No! Uh-uh! Uh-uh! Uh!
Yeah, I can fly.
- Jarvis, are you there?
- At your service, sir.
Engage Heads Up Display.
Check.
Import all preferences
from home interface.
Will do, sir.
All right, what do you say?
I have indeed been uploaded, sir.
We're online and ready.
Can we start the
virtual walk-around?
Importing preferences and
calibrating virtual environment.
Do a check on control surfaces.
As you wish.
Test complete. Preparing to
power down and begin diagnostics.
Uh, yeah. Tell you what.
Do a weather and ATC check.
Start listening in
on ground control.
Sir, there are still terabytes
of calculations needed
before an actual flight is...
Jarvis! Sometimes you got
to run before you can walk.
Ready? In three, two, one.
Handles like a dream.
All right, let's see
what this thing can do.
What's SR-71's record?
The altitude record for fixed
wing flight is 85,000 feet, sir.
Records are made to be broken!
Come on!
Sir, there is a potentially
fatal buildup of ice occurring.
Keep going!
Higher!
We iced up, Jarvis!
Deploy flaps! Jarvis!
Come on, we got
to break the ice!
Kill power.
Years of research,
gone.
They even took my iPod.
What about the backups?
They took our backups.
They took the backups of our backups.
They were extremely thorough.
I just downloaded, like,
30 songs onto there.
Could you please
stop with your iPod?
Who are these people?
I knew this scientist.
The pioneer in gamma radiation.
S.H.I.E.L.D. showed up
and he wasn't heard from again.
They're not gonna do that to us.
I'm gonna get everything back.
Come on, please.
Let me contact one of my colleagues.
He's had some dealings
with these people before.
I'll e-mail him and
maybe he can help.
They took your laptop, too.
I need a horse!
We don't have horses.
Just dogs, cats, birds...
Then give me one of
those large enough to ride.
Hey, you still need a lift?
I've never done
anything like this before.
Have you ever done
anything like this before?
Many times.
But you're brave to do it.
Well, they just stole
my entire life's work.
I don't really have
much left to lose.
Yeah, but you're clever.
Far more clever than
anyone else in this realm.
"Realm"? "Realm"?
You think me strange.
Yeah, I do.
Good strange or bad strange?
I'm not quite sure yet.
I'm sorry.
But who are you?
Really?
You'll see soon enough.
You promised me answers.
What you seek, it's a bridge.
Like an Einstein-Rosen Bridge?
More like a Rainbow Bridge.
God, I hope you're not crazy.
The Fuhrer is not accustomed
to being ignored, Herr Schmidt.
He funds your research because
you promised him weapons.
You serve at his pleasure.
He gave you this facility
as a reward for your injuries.
Reward?
Call it what it is. Exile.
I no longer reflect his
image of Aryan perfection.
You think this is
about appearances?
Your Hydra division has failed
to deliver so much
as a rifle in over a year.
And we had learned
through local intelligence
you had mounted a full-scale
incursion into Norway.
The Fuhrer feels...
How does he put it?
"The Red Skull has been
indulged long enough!"
Gentlemen,
you have come to see the
results of our work, hmm?
Let me show you.
Hitler speaks of a
1,000-year Reich,
but he cannot feed
his armies for a month.
His troops spill their blood
across every field in Europe,
but still he is no closer
to achieving his goals.
And I suppose you still aim
to win this war through magic?
Science, but I understand
your confusion.
Great power has always
baffled primitive men.
Hydra is assembling an arsenal to
destroy my enemies in one stroke,
wherever they are, regardless
of how many forces they possess,
all in a matter of hours.
Your enemies?
My weapons contain
enough destructive power
to decimate every
hostile capital on Earth.
Quite simply, gentlemen,
I have harnessed
the power of the gods.
Thank you, Schmidt.
For what?
For making it clear how
obviously mad you are.
Berlin is on this map!
So it is.
You will be punished
for your insolence!
You will be brought
before the Fuhrer himself!
Schmidt...
My apologies, Doctor,
but we both knew Hydra could
grow no further in Hitler's shadow.
Hail Hydra.
Hail Hydra!